Add mcmc sampler (#384)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: doc/devices.rst

    os.environ["OMP_NUM_THREADS"] = 4
    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=2, batch_obs=True)

.. raw:: html

    </div>

**Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling support:**

> The ``lightning.qubit`` device allows users to use Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling method to generate samples. To enable MCMC sampling method for sample generation, initialize a ``lightning.qubit`` device with the ``mcmc=True`` keyword argument, as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.qubit`` device allows users to use the Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling method to generate approximate samples. To enable the MCMC sampling method for sample generation, initialize a ``lightning.qubit`` device with the ``mcmc=True`` keyword argument, as:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000, mcmc=True)

> By default, the ``kernel_name`` is ``Local`` and ``num_burnin`` is ``100``. The ``Local`` kernel conducts a ``SpinFlip`` local transition between states. The ``Local`` kernel generates a random qubit site and then generates a random number to determine  the new bit at that qubit site. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the ``kernel_name`` is ``"Local"`` and ``num_burnin`` is ``100``. The local kernel conducts a bit-flip local transition between states. The local kernel generates a random qubit site and then generates a random number to determine  the new bit at that qubit site. 
```
I changed `SpinFlip` to bit-flip, is that correct?

Reviewer 2: Correct!

> Current version also supports the ``NonZeroRandom`` kernel. The ``NonZeroRandom`` randomly transits between states that have nonzero probability. To enable the ``NonZeroRandom`` kernel and set ``num_burnin``, initialize a ``lightning.qubit`` device as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.qubit`` device also supports a ``"NonZeroRandom"`` kernel. This kernel randomly transits between states that have nonzero probability. It can be enabled by initializing the device as:
```
